---
title: "Post: Link"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - link
  - Post Formats
link: https://github.com
---

# Wakasu Seaside Park

*By Satwik Arawalli*

I woke up still sore from swimming yesterday evening. Got fresh, checked football results for yesterday’s games, and decided to explore bicycle insurance plans since I need to get one for my cycle soon. After making a chocolate-banana milkshake and a boiled egg, I sat down to have my breakfast watching YouTube. A video about bicycle maintenance popped up on my feed, and I clicked on it. While watching, I felt a sudden urge to hit the streets on my bike.

Recently, I bought the **Giant Escape R3 SE**. The bike is extremely sleek, looks classy, and it’s very easy to ride in the city. Back in January, I had rented a bike to explore the city. It was the first time I ever went biking in the city. I had planned to follow a route I found online that covered the best cycling destinations in Tokyo. However, I hadn’t gotten enough time to explore the main attraction, the Wakasu Seaside Park. I decided I’d properly explore that place today. I finished breakfast quickly, packed a power bank (because my old phone drains battery quickly while using maps), some snacks, and set out on my bike around 11:45 am. 🚴‍♂️

---

The Escape R3 SE is one of the best cross bikes out there, and I could feel it as I glided through the roads. My plan was to get lunch at a place on the way and head to the park. I got some Veg Biryani from an Asian restaurant. Not the best I’ve had. Got some Chai and resumed.

On the way, suddenly the streets started looking very familiar. I figured I was close to the park and quit Google Maps. I tried taking some nice pictures of my bike and the roads.

Right, then I went to what I thought was the Wakasu Seaside Park (with full confidence 😅). I didn’t remember seeing a dock there, but I thought I might have missed that when I first went. The dock area was quite nice; families were having a picnic with barbeque, and there was a museum too.

*Later, I realized this was the Yumenoshima Park!*

After a confusing few minutes and multiple attempts to find where I was, I finally decided to use Google Maps again.

It took me another 30 minutes to get to the Wakasu Seaside Park. Once I got there, I realized why it is considered one of the best bicycling spots in the city. It has a great serene vibe with the blue ocean stretching wide along it, spacious roads for biking and running, and great greenery around to really make you feel connected with nature.

I noticed this really nice observation dock and spent some time on it.
